[Music]
okay sit down for a moment because
you're about to find out that you've
been lied to your whole life
pineapples aren't pinecones and they
aren't apples
chefs kidding that was obvious everybody
knows that they're just berries didn't
know that also you didn't need to cut
them up when you eat them surprise well
looks like pineapples are not what they
seem
Wow I guess it is a good day for a
groundbreaking truth reveal but yeah
you'll have to deal with it
pineapples are berries that are really
easy to eat to be fair you only need a
knife to cut off the top of the
pineapple the BART with those spiky
leaves then all that's left is to pick
off the separate fruitlets and enjoy on
the outside of the pineapple it looks
like it has some kind of scales which
are actually berries fused together
during the growth and ripening process
it has a lot more in common with a
raspberry than an apple if you think
about it hope now it's easier for you to
finally call it a berry also go scale
like outsides of pineapples are the
exact reason for its weird name
the thing is pineapple was first found
by European explorers somewhere around
1664 in South America by that time pine
cones as we know them now
were called pineapples instead the name
was changed to pinecones in 1694 but
pineapples which resembled pine cones to
the explorers have kept their original
name to this very day this whole story
about names brought thirty years of pure
confusion which pineapples are tasty and
which will probably crack your teeth if
you try to take a bite the fact that
pineapple can be eaten that effortlessly
shook the internet with a huge wave of
viral videos demonstrating it but almost
nobody took a step forward to explain
why it's possible every fruit vegetable
and berry was once a flower on a plant
in the case of pineapple it resembles
just a bunch of thick waxy blades of
grass
growing from a joint root in the center
of this bunch beautiful bright red
lavender or purple flowers will start to
grow they are gathered together like a
clover flower but in large numbers up to
200 flowers on each plant and each one
of them will produce a single berry in
the future then those berries will just
merge into each other forming the
pineapple that we all know for the fruit
to fully grow it takes in astonishing
three years that makes it pretty clear
why this delicious stuff cost so much
personally aside from the aforementioned
cost the only thing that was stopping me
from eating pineapples every day was the
whole long process of peeling and
cleaning but now that it's not such a
pain it's great news because pineapples
hold some unique qualities a lot of us
need in our lives first of all they are
literally jam-packed with vitamins and
other important nutrients they contain
so much vitamin C for example that they
can ease the symptoms of a cold or even
the flu pineapples are also really good
in providing you with antioxidants and a
very special enzyme called bromelain
which helps your digestion by dissolving
proteins that are hard to digest
otherwise for the same reason pineapple
juice is often used to soften meat while
cooking and to give it a unique sweet
tang of course oh and one other
important thing pineapples are the
best-selling fruit in the whole of their
biological family even though they are
slow to grow they live for over 50 years
and they are quite easy to maintain they
can spawn roots from any separate part
even if you drop the slice top of the
pineapple on the ground and forget about
it it would still try to grow but of
course pineapples are tropical plants
and need high amounts of both moisture
and warm sunlight another thing most
people get wrong about pineapples is
they don't need to ripen more at home
they will stay as they were harvested no
matter what it's no use looking at the
color of a pineapple from the outside it
can be green brown or orange but there
will be absolutely no difference in
taste it's hard to believe that the
simplicity of preparing pineapple was a
secret for so long
by
there are even more foods that we were
absolutely wrong about Kiwi is much
easier to eat without peeling off its
fuzzy skin at all just cut off one side
and enjoy it with a spoon you know like
with a boiled egg but it's green and
hairy you get the idea and if you really
want it slice slice it first then peel
the skin off you'll thank me later for
how clean you'll be speaking of eggs did
you know that you don't have to pick
every little scale of eggshell from it
it's way easier to just press a boiled
egg against a table and enroll it a
couple of times from side to side the
eggshell will almost fall off by itself
and there will be almost no annoying
little scales left after just don't push
too hard
cleaning a strawberry using a straw how
come so few of us know this track well
yeah you can put a straw through a berry
and it's green cap pops off just like
that what a shocker
and yeah sucking the strawberry pulp
from a straw with a distinctive thump
smells like a lot of fun pistachios are
generally known to be difficult to open
the ones that don't fully open are a
pain and better left alone that's a rule
period well not so fast it turns out
that they can be easily opened with the
shell of one that's already been eaten
most of us are so distant from nature
that we can mess up even peeling a
banana but monkeys short know the deal
and they peel bananas from the bottom
not from the top like we do it's
actually much easier this way as you can
see stop throwing away the center of the
Apple seriously you won't even notice it
if you eat the Apple from the bottom up
this way only a couple of seeds will be
left with no tasty apple pulp miss try
it it's definitely worth it afraid of
pomegranate I was too but no more it's
now known that the key to seeding it is
just a bowl of water when you do it
under water all the bitter membranes
will float from the seeds and splashes
of ruby juice won't ruin your kitchen
hey maybe you know some secret ways to
prepare or eat some kind of food that
nobody else around you knows up it'd be
great if you'd share it in the comment
section and don't forget to leave this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe to always stay on
the bright side of life